samples: event_manager_proxy: Adapt to nRF54h20 and sysbuild (#15471)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/event_manager_proxy/README.rst

Selecting ICMSG backend
=======================

> On nRF5340, by default, the Event Manager Proxy sample uses the OpenAMP backend provided by the IPC Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the nRF5340 DK, this sample uses by default the OpenAMP backend provided by the IPC Service.
```

Author: Done

#. Open the command line terminal.
#. Run the following command to build the application code for the host and the remote:

   **nRF5340 DK**

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp

   **nRF54H20 DK**

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp -- -Devent_manager_proxy_SNIPPET=nordic-ppr

   or use twister test case:

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp -T sample.event_manager_proxy.nrf54h20dk_cpuapp .

> #. Program both the cores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Program both cores:
```
